fix: clean up warning for wildcard syntax usage (#329)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/concepts.mdx

<details>
<summary>

> ## What Is A Type Bound Public Access?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What Is Type Bound Public Access?
```

Author: updated

> In <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.LongForm}/>, type bound public access (represented by `<type>:*`) is a special <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/> syntax meaning **every object of that type** when used as a _user_ within a _relationship tuple_. For example, `user:*` represents everyone with a user type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.LongForm}/>, type bound public access (represented by `<type>:*`) is a special <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/> syntax meaning **every object of that type** when used as a _user_ within a _relationship tuple_. For example, `user:*` represents every object of type `user` (including those not currently present in the system).
```
